Fox
gets
shot
and
meets
the
ad
no
he
said
grandfather
what
do
you
tell
him
or
this
thing
no
he's
not
too
young
well
I
don't
know
anyway
come
on
phone
text
me
back
today
who
invented
and
that
day
it
was
the
boss
stats
Xbox
was
looking
for
rabbits
to
shoot
with
a
bow
and
arrow
nobody
noticed
he
wasn't
at
all
couldn't
find
weather
little
fox
with
losing
his
head
he
was
running
nobody
Leslie
for
the
fox
show
several
men
but
they
look
grown
up
and
they
look
stratosphere
this
is
from
the
north
side
what
should
I
be
doing
fluoride
what's
the
matter
with
you
bigger
than
you
are
call
Sue
wait
a
minute
how
do
you
know
if
it
maybe
it's
Father's
medicine
my
grass
man
I
guess
you
must
be
little
fox.
From
here
if
you
and
grandfather
cuz
your
days
with
us
crazy
Wonder
Woman
said
send
it.
Go
to
follow
the
track
glitter
Fox
Gathering
artist
print
and
bow
arrows
the
little
man
said
we
thought
you
were
the
big
hole
the
children
all
the
time
good
morning
the
sun
came
out
the
grown-up
Grassley
look
up
volume
but
they
did
not
know
how
try
to
show
them
they
had
to
find
time
grown
ups
and
fox
had
already
the
bear
all
the
chief
of
the
ad
people
could
have
seen
you
again
Toyota
modeled
after
him
liquor
bottle
Fox
streaming
back
with
the
cradleboard
on
the
Hub
back
behind
with
the
heavy
is
the
time
to
give
us
a
little
Lively
oculoplastic
didn't
say
anything
Mall
are
you
going
now
why
we
are
going
to
visit.
Northpark
Mall
hope
we
get
volume
Badcock
they
didn't
make
it
rain
you
ought
to
hold
send
in
LA
then
she
let
them
go
from
the
left
hand
and
the
two
sides
with
the
Punisher
it
was
watching
her
and
rocking
the
baby
world
do
you
know
that
grandfather
Toyota
it's
a
very
secret
Northfield
they
can
order
it
most.
Sunday
that's
all
good
night